FIPTBD: Simplify termination fee calculation to a fixed percentage of initial pledge (#1079)
filecoin-project/FIPs: README.md

| [0092](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0092.md) | Non-Interactive PoRep | FIP | luca (@lucaniz), kuba (@Kubuxu), nicola (@nicola), nemo (@cryptonemo), volker (@vmx), irene (@irenegia), Alex North (@anorth), orjan (@Phi-rjan) | Final |
| [0094](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0094.md) | Add Support for EIP-5656 (MCOPY Opcode) in the FEVM | FIP | Michael Seiler (@snissn), Raúl Kripalani (@raulk), Steven Allen (@stebalien) | Accepted |
| [0095](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-0095.md) | Add FEVM precompile to fetch beacon digest from chain history | FIP | @ZenGround0, Alex North (@anorth) | Accepted |

> | [XXXX](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-XXXX.md) | Add FEVM precompile to fetch beacon digest from chain history | FIP | Jonathan Schwartz (@Schwartz10), Alex North (@anorth) | Draft |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [XXXX](https://github.com/filecoin-project/FIPs/blob/master/FIPS/fip-XXXX.md) | Simplify termination fee calculation to a fixed percentage of initial pledge | FIP | Jonathan Schwartz (@Schwartz10), Alex North (@anorth) | Draft |
```
